Restructure docs (#285)
elastic/crawler: README.md

## Simple Docker Quickstart

Let's scrape our first website using the Open Crawler running on Docker!

> The following command will create a simple config file in your local directory, which will then be used by the a Dockerized Crawler to run a crawl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command will create a simple config file in your local directory, which will then be used by a Dockerized Crawler to run a crawl.
```

> This will output the crawl results to your console, so no Elasticsearch setup is required yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will output the crawl results to your console, so no Elasticsearch setup is required for this step.
```
